Draft: V1C-227 docs(mutations): update published pathway definition query (#147)
awell-health/developer-hub: content/awell-orchestration/api-reference/queries/get-published-pathways.mdx

---
title: Get published pathway definitions
description: Get all published pathway definitions for your organization
---

> Gets the full list of published pathway definitions (and optionally, track definitions) for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the full list of published pathway definitions including the title, version, baseline data point definitions, and track definitions.
```

      id
      title
      version

>       data_point_definitions {

Reviewer: @rahulkeerthi Is this a breaking change or was the documentation incorrect?

Author: no it is not, you can use either field

          value
        }
      }
      track_definitions {
        id
        title
        can_trigger_manually
      }
      dataPointDefinitions {
        # @deprecated use data_point_definitions
        id
        # ...

>       }

Reviewer: This is confusing and I don't understand what we are saying here.

Reviewer: Make it simple for the user: only document what we expect the user to use moving forward. Given it's not a breaking change, there's no risk of removing the old documentation completely.

Or just something like:
```graphql
{
data_point_definitions { # previously dataPointDefinitions
}

    }
  }
}
```

> ## can_trigger_manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can trigger manually
```

Author: This doesn't make sense as a phrase, it's the name of the field this section is about
I can change the header to 'What does can_trigger_manually mean?' or 'The can_trigger_manually field' or 'How can I tell if a track can be added or scheduled to a flow?'

Reviewer: Let's do "The can_trigger_manually field"
